In this course,
we are going to pretend we are organizing a large developer conference.
Along with that,
we will launch the new website containing all of the marketing
information to drive as many attendee signups as possible.
In this fantasy,
the website was designed and developed by an Australian web design
shop with guidance from our marketing professionals,
so their focus has been on the UI and hitting all of the marketing requirements.
They have made their servers, which are in Sydney,
available to us to test the website.
It's up to us to ensure this content is deliverable in
an optimized and resilient fashion.
The website has been delivered,
social media and press releases are ready to go out to announce that the event
is scheduled and that people can begin purchasing tickets.
Our mission is to determine if we are able to handle a large growth in traffic.
In this lesson,
we will review the current infrastructure architecture to
understand if we are good to launch.
We will run a load or a stress test to determine how much of an
impact a large spike of traffic has on our website.
These tests will allow us to measure the performance of the site and give
us the information we need to determine our next steps.
As you can see,
this is a marketing website with many important details such as date and time,
speakers, the schedule, details regarding the venue,
plus many more.
But as you can see,
this website is very media rich with lots of static
content like photos and video.
The current infrastructure hosting the website is
running with the following architecture.
There are 2 EC2 instances running NGINX with an
application load balancer in front of them.
Route 53 DNS is pointed at the load balancer.
All content is deployed locally on each EC2 instance
including static assets such as CSS, JavaScript,
as well as all of the media files.
I have set up a load test script to give us our response time.
As you can see,
the script will run simple get requests against our web server or origin.
I'm using an old domain that I own for this Pluralsight
course strictly for demonstration purposes.
I have gone and set the subdomain origin.dyrcz .me to show
that this will be our origin servers.
I'm going to run this test simulating 1,
000 visitors over the course of 15 minutes.
Now we won't watch 15 minutes of a progress bar,
so I'm going to go ahead and skip past this just to get to our results.
While the test ran, I pushed the results to my monitoring platform,
which uses InfluxDB and Grafana to store and display the relevant datapoints.
As you can see, when we ran this test,
we are consistently getting over 4 second average response time.
This is not a good experience.
So let's take a peek at our metrics.
If you open up your browser and toggle the Developer Tools,
you will find that when visiting the origin domain,
in order to fully load the page,
we're seeing approximately 99 actual requests and a
total file size or files size of 6 MB.
That means in order to fully render the page, you have to download 6 MB of data.
If you remember during our initial talks about how a web request works,
after the TCP handshakes,
that initial request reaches out to the server to
request the HTML or the website.
That's what you're seeing here with the DOM content.
That takes 3 full seconds to load.
Any additional media that has to load, JavaScript,
CSS, media files,
that is taking an extra 4 seconds on top of that 3
seconds just to load the page.
That's why we're seeing that it takes 7 full
seconds to fully render your website.
So that means a lot of requests and a lot of large files.
Origin is currently located in Sydney, Australia,
and I'm making these requests from Copenhagen,
Denmark.
Each one of these 99 requests are having to travel around the globe.
Distance alone is probably costing each of these objects
at least 50% of their response time.
So if I were interested in this conference and every
page was taking this long to load,
I would probably give up and would end up not purchasing tickets for
this conference just because the experience is so bad.
We have tested, we have measured, we now know what our baselines are. Remember, we want people to register for this conference so let's fix this.